What is a memory analyzer?

Its a tool which help to analyze the memory of java application.which track the memory leak and unnessory memory consumption.its main purpose is to improve performance and monitor the memory usage.

/\
|
|
|
|
|
|

Mujhe upar diye gaye Question and Answer ke pattern ke jaisa hi, niche diye gaye prashnon ke uttar bahut hi sankshep mein ek line mei chahiye, taaki main sirf ek nazar mein dekhkar inke gehre concepts yaad kar sakoon aur interview ke samay aaraam se jawab de sakoon. Saath hi, in prashnon ke mukhya concepts sunne ke baad interviewer ko bhi meri tayyari par vishwas ho aur mujhe certification mil jaaye.



```

What is OAuth2 in Spring? Why is it used?

What is JWT Token?Why it is used?

What is the Different Between OAuth2 and JWT Token?

Why use version control in our application? What version control do you use in your project?

What is idempotent in REST API? Which are the idempotent in REST API?

What is the difference between POST, PUT, and PATCH?

What is stateful and stateless?

What is JVM memory leak in Java? How do we handle it?

Why do we use the finally block in Java?

How do we define our custom exception?

Can we handle unchecked exceptions?

Can we override and overload the main method in Java?

What is the Differnt between @RequestParam and @PathParam ?

Can you explain your Github steps How you create repository in your local and how you checkin and checkout code and what are the command do you use as usually along with your colleagues?

How you Follow Agile Methodology in your Project?What are the steps do you follow in Agile methodology in your project as day to day activity?

```


Jaise main khud se baat kar raha hoon aur bolte samay in jaise shabdon ka upyog kar raha hoon — "main kar raha hoon", "define kar raha hoon", "likh raha hoon", "soch raha hoon", "samajh raha hoon", "isliye main", "mujhe ab yeh sochna hai ki kaise" — matlab main jo bhi keh raha hoon, wo sab vartamaan kaal (present tense) mein ho raha hai, jaise main usi waqt us kaam ko kar raha hoon.


Explain as per its transliteration nature like below approach.

You have used a correct technique known as transliteration. In what technique do you use English letters, but their pronunciation sounds like Hindi? You may also refer to the technique as "English to Hindi transliteration" or "Romanized Hindi". What in nature, you write in technical terms and specific English but pronounce Hindi words in natural and practical language. This is a great way to help other people understand technical topics, especially when technical topics require grammar in Hindi.

Example : mai khana khata hun --> Looks like English letters but is pronounced like Hindi.




>>>>>>>
Now same things and same way write in English